I thought my share
we all have we're gonna win this wall I
let us sold your life I've never seen
anything as brutally clear as this this
town is of no military significance
whatsoever gentlemen you hold this red
for a couple hours we can keep them away
well the boys are ready for a brawl no
doubt of that I left my spectacles over
there what is the name of this town if
you're gonna fight alongside us there's
a few things I want you to know this
regiment was formed last summer there
were a thousand of us then there are
less than 300 of us now they were
farmers and schoolteachers we are an
army out set other men free gentlemen
and laborers Virginia is not about to
let itself be ruled by some president in
Washington those boys in blue they never
quite seem the enemy I know they came
from Maine and Texas we cannot retreat
we cannot withdraw
from New York and Virginia no 15,000 men
ever made can take that bridge this wall
goes on and on and the price gets ever
high I want this to be the final battle
a conflict that turn neighbor against
neighbor old friends off to war friend
against friend seen here by the Yankee
seeing hell Johnny Reb
faith made them soldiers
were made them brothers
made them heroes
Gettysburg based on the Pulitzer
prize-winning novel The Killer Angels
does it matter after all who wins
was that her beretta the question